Then forget it.
I don't have my brother's dedication.
I will be an ordinary painter
I like one
I was wrong about you.
You coward
He is called the person who knows the current affairs is Junjie
It's not like you didn't ask for help from the world
Take away this princess and interrogate her well
As for you?
You have to train yourself.
Second, you can learn how to be a good dog
Come
OK
Sister, you come every day, every day
And he asked me if I understood
What do you want me to know?
Can you tell me directly?
This pariah is a pariah
So much crap
Hey, hey, don't hit, don't hit, don't hit
What do you want me to do?
Is there anything we can discuss?
It's actually nothing.
I don't think it's a big deal for you.
In a few days.
It is the God-given ceremony of my Raksha Kingdom
All kinds of powerful people will gather here
I want you to screw him up.
To what extent is the screw up?
Whatever you want, I just need a little
It is to let the general Ma Hu must enter the back hall
You just let Mato into the back hall
Even if your merits are complete
Complete merit
Why do you want me to go for a walk in Zixiao Palace?
You can only trust me
Otherwise, you will go to see Taozu in a while
Oh, ma'am.
Namahu is the great general of the Raksha Kingdom
It's your uncle
Do you think if I care about this
Can I keep Sophie, the rebel leader?